Skip to content

![logo-cracking-med-school-admissions](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/01/logo-cracking-med-school-admissions.jpg)

Main Menu

  * [About The Team](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/about-our-team/)
  * [Our Services](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/our-services/)Menu Toggle
    * [Application Packages](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/application-packages/)
    * [Re-applicant Packages](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/reapplicant-packages/)
    * [Secondary Essay Editing](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-school-secondary-essays-edit/)
    * [Interview Coaching](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-school-interview-preparation/)
    * [Pre-med Advising](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/premed-advising/)
  * [Blog: High-Yield Tips](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/blog/)
  * [Contact Us](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/contact-us/)
  * ![logo-cracking-med-school-admissions](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/logo-cracking-med-school-admissions-200x67.jpg)

Main Menu

  * [About The Team](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/about-our-team/)
  * [Our Services](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/our-services/)Menu Toggle
    * [Application Packages](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/application-packages/)
    * [Re-applicant Packages](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/reapplicant-packages/)
    * [Secondary Essay Editing](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-school-secondary-essays-edit/)
    * [Interview Coaching](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-school-interview-preparation/)
    * [Pre-med Advising](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/premed-advising/)
  * [Blog: High-Yield Tips](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/blog/)
  * [Contact Us](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/contact-us/)
  * ![How to get into USC Medical School - tips from accepted students](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/wp-content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/Keck-USC-School-of-Medicine-ozlgukbe19d5eqljyqf01f0ss0vz0yv9hav8km7lw6.jpg)

# How To Get Into USC Medical School (Keck University of Southern California)

  * [ __ Cracking Med School Admissions Team  ](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/author/philippines/)

Take in that Southern California sunshine! Los Angeles - the city of dreams.
And in the distance, you see that beautiful sign of red and gold: “Keck School
of Medicine of USC.” But, let’s rewind a bit. How does one get into USC
Medical School? How do we stand out, shine, and show the admissions committee
that we are all they want and more? If you want to get into Keck, then keep
reading! This blog post serves as a high-yield resource of facts and the med
student perspective for Keck School of Medicine of USC.  We'll also give tips
for getting accepted to USC. Whether you're comparing medical schools that you
have been accepted to, preparing for an interview, or wanting to learn more
about USC Med School, keep reading!

## **_Why Choose USC Medical School?_**

**  
The most common reasons we've heard from students:**

  * Location, Location, Location! Who doesn’t want to live in Los Angeles?
  * The clinical training is second-to-none. Keck owns LA County Hospital, so you have the opportunity to interact with diverse, underserved patients. Los Angeles is one of the most diverse cities in the United States.
  * USC has an immensely supportive alumni network. 
  * Excellent match rates, with students matching all over the country into a variety of competitive specialties.
  * Keck medical school has a great emphasis on social justice, which is prevalent throughout the curriculum. 
  * USC has a vibrant culture. Take a shuttle on over to the undergrad campus and watch Trojan football at the Coliseum! 

#### Table of Contents

  * Applications
  * Admissions Stats
  * Pre-Clinical
  * Clinical Rotations
  * Housing & Social
  * Financing
  * Resources

__ Menu

  * Applications
  * Admissions Stats
  * Pre-Clinical
  * Clinical Rotations
  * Housing & Social
  * Financing
  * Resources

Get In

## Applications

USC Medical School's secondary application has many fun and short essays! We
think this reflects the culture of the school. They want well-rounded
individuals who prioritize having a work-life balance.

![How to get into USC Medical School - tips from accepted
students](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Keck-
USC-School-of-Medicine-768x1075.jpg)

**Keck USC Medical School Secondary Questions:**

**Essay 1) **What is the most fun you’ve had lately? (3-5 sentences)

**Essay 2) **If you had to give yourself a nickname, what would it be? (3-5 sentences)

**Essay 3) **If you had enormous wealth, how would you allocate your charitable donations? (3-5 sentences)

**Essay 4) **Describe a situation in which you didn’t get something you felt you deserved. (3-5 sentences)

**Essay 5) **If you had the power to change anything, what would it be? (150 words or less)

**Essay 6) **What do you see as the physician’s role in public health? (150 words or less)



If you have questions about your Keck School of Medicine secondary
application, email us at
[info@crackingmedadmissions.com](mailto:info@crackingmedadmissions.com) or
contact us.

NEED HELP WITH EDITING YOUR  
USC SECONDARY ESSAYS?

**Get the Cracking Med School Admissions team's expertise through our [secondary essay editing packages.](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-school-secondary-essays-edit/) If you have questions, email us at info@crackingmedadmissions.com or contact us.**

[ __ SECONDARY ESSARY EDITING ](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-
school-secondary-essays-edit/)

### USC Medical School  
Interview Format

Interviews at USC Keck are traditional one-on-one interviews. There are
typically two interviews, lasting about 30 minutes each. One of your
interviewers will commonly be a current Keck Medical School student. The
questions, demeanor, and interview style of your interviews will depend
greatly on who your interviewer is.

Want to learn more about how to prepare for your USC medical school interview?

**Read our 3 popular medical school interview blog posts here:**

  1. [How to Prepare for Medical School Interviews](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/how-to-prepare-for-medical-school-interviews/)
  2. [4 Common Medical School Interview Questions and How to Answer Them](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/4-common-medical-school-interview-questions-and-how-to-answer-them/)
  3. [How To Answer Tell Me About Yourself and Why Medicine?](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/tell-me-about-yourself-why-medicine/)

The Cracking Med School Admissions team has helped several students get
accepted to USC and ace their interviews! Make sure to contact us and get our
help.

[ __ SCHEDULE A MOCK INTERVIEW ](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-
school-interview-preparation/)

### download your interview guide

**If you are prepared, **the interview gives you the perfect opportunity to **standout and shine** by sharing with people what you are passionate about.

![Med School Admissions Interview Guide eBook
Cover](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/wp-content/uploads/elementor/thumbs
/Med-School-Admissions-Interview-Guide-
ooppylsc77qvt2idjqotm0axykvixm1pvgdf0vfes4.png)

  * First Name*

  * Last Name*

  * Year Applying to Med School (e.g. 2020, 2021, etc.)*

  * Best Email*

  *   * Email

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

## USC Medical School Acceptance Rate

Applied

0

Interviewed

0

Accepted

0

Admit Rate

0

#### USC Medical School Admissions Statistics:

  * **USC Medical School School Median GPA:** 3.7
  * **USC Medical School Median MCAT:** 517 (129 chemical & physical / 128 critical analysis / 130 biological & biochemical / 130 psychological, social)

#### How did USC Keck Medical School Students Do on Their USMLE Step Exams?

  * **Average Keck USC Medical School USMLE Step 1 Score:** 234
  * **Average Keck USC Medical School USMLE Step 2 Score:** 247

_Source: U.S. News Graduate School Rankings 2021_

## 5 USC Secondary Application Medical School Tips

##### **How to get into USC Medical School Tip #1: **

  * The secondary prompts are intentionally tailored to get to know you better as a person. The admissions committee is looking for genuine responses. Don’t overthink it - just write what is true to you. Some of the questions are a little silly, so don’t be afraid of giving silly responses. 

##### **How to get into USC Medical School Tip #2: **

  * Use the space in your essays and the time in your interviews to tell them something unique about you. People write about hobbies and special interests that are not healthcare related.

##### **How to get into USC Medical School Tip #3: **

  * Make sure your application has a cohesive narrative. If your extracurriculars are all over the place and don’t show a clear passion for something, it may look like you’re simply trying to “check boxes.” 

##### **How to get into USC Medical School Tip #4: **

  * Keck is dedicated to social justice and serving the underserved. If this aligns with your interests, then make sure that is communicated in your application. 

##### **How to get into USC Medical School Tip #5: **

  * Keck wants to see how you fit in with their student culture. And, the more you expose yourself to student life, the more you will get a feel for what kinds of students Keck is looking for. I would recommend seeking out opportunities to meet current students and ask them questions. Not only will this help inform you on whether or not Keck is a good fit for you, but it will come across in your interview when you want to show the committee that this is a good match. 

## Your medical school application Coaches, Mentors, & Cheerleaders

We Personally Advise Every Student We Work With

![](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Rachel-
Rizal-003-e1488661046653.jpg)

## Rachel Rizal, M.D.

## Changing the trajectory of people’s lives

**Undergraduate  
**Princeton University

**Medical School  
**Stanford School of Medicine

** Residency  
**Harvard, Emergency Medicine

**Awards & Scholarships  
**Fulbright Scholar  
_USA Today_ Academic First Team  
Tylenol Scholarship

![Rishi Mediratta, MD, MSc, MA](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/03/Rishi-Mediratta-005-e1488661270136-150x150.jpg)

## Rishi Mediratta, M.D., M.Sc., M.A.

## Advising students to attend their dream schools

**Undergraduate  
**Johns Hopkins University

**Medical School  
**Stanford School of Medicine

**Residency**  
Stanford, Pediatrics

Awards & Scholarships  
Marshall Scholar  
Tylenol Scholarship  
Global Health Scholar

Each year, the Cracking Med School Admissions team  
helps students get accepted to top medical schools.  
We can help you get accepted!  
  
Contact us today.

__ CONTACT US & GET IN WITH OUR HELP

### The Insider’s View on Keck USC School of Medicine's Pre-clinical years

**How to Get Into USC Medical School Tip - Know the Curriculum:**

Keck School of Medicine Curriculum: Overview

As a Keck med student, your first two years are pre-clinical years and then
you do your clinical rotations the last 2 years. There are many
interdisciplinary components of USC Medical School’s Curriculum throughout the
4 years, including the HEAL Program (Humanities, Ethics/Economics, Art, and
the Law). The HEAL Program allows students to reflect on what it means to be a
physician citizen and reflect on ethical decision-making to policy to hospital
administration.

Pre-Clinical Years:

Introduction to Medical Sciences (IMS) kicks off the first year and teaches
its students the fundamental basic science knowledge, along with integrated
systems (i.e. cardiovascular, renal, gastrointestinal, etc.). The second year
culminates with the Integrated Cases Section (ICS) in which students take
their pre-clinical knowledge that they have built up and apply them in
clinical case scenarios.

**How to get into USC Medical School - Know Unique Characteristics:**

**Unique highlights about pre-clinical years:**

  * The first two years are entirely pass/fail which eliminates internal competition amongst the students. 
  * Introduction to Clinical Medicine (ICM) is a longitudinal curriculum that emphasizes clinical skills and patient-centered medicine. Students learn how to take a history, perform a physical examination, organize medical records, etc. Keck has state-of-the-art simulation and clinical skills labs to immerse their students early on.
  * The first-year course, Professionalism and the Practice of Medicine (PPM), provides an unparalleled opportunity for longitudinal mentoring, as students are organized into learning communities of about 25 students. The aim of the course is to develop its students into professionals who are communicative, ethical, and culturally competent.
  * Each student is required to participate in research in the pre-clinical years, known as the Scholarly Project (SP). Students are able to develop skills of critical thinking around evidence-based medicine and research.

**Special Dual Degree Programs:**

  * MD/PhD
  * MD/MPH
  * MD/MBA

**Taking Time Off:**

Most MD candidates at Keck USC Medical School graduate within 4 years.

### What students are saying about USC Medical School

I graduated from USC 4 years ago, and my friends and I have an annual
Thanksgiving reunion of 25-30 of my med students. This shows how close
everyone is at the USC School of Medicine!

USC supported my interests in global health and innovation while I was in
medical school. I took courses at the Global Health program several semesters
while at USC.

Everyone here cares about a strong work-life balance. I feel very centered
here at USC.

USC is the best in terms of exposure and direct-hand experience of working
with underserved communities. I do a lot community health work in downtown Los
Angeles. Additionally, I have done some elective rotations at LAC+USC and this
is really the best exposure to get trauma and work with underserved patients.

__ Previous

__ Next

### The Insider’s View on USC Medical School's Clinical Years

**USC Medical School Clinical Curriculum**:

Clinical Years:

The clinical phase occurs during years 3 and 4. Students will rotate through
specialities in groups of about 25-30 students. The clinical curriculum begins
with a one-week course, Transition to Clinical Practice, designed to help
students transition from the classroom to the clinic.

**There are nine required clerkships, graded honors/high pass/pass/fail:**

  * Family Medicine (6 weeks)
  * General Surgery (6 weeks)
  * Internal Medicine (6 weeks)
  * Neurology (4 weeks)
  * Obstetrics and Gynecology (6 weeks)
  * Pediatrics (6 weeks)
  * Psychiatry (6 weeks)
  * Internal Medicine Sub-Internship (4 weeks)
  * Surgery Sub-Internship (4-6 weeks)
  * Students are required to complete 16 weeks of selective clerkships, encompassing all specialty areas

Intersessions are one-week sessions in the fall and spring between required
clerkships, allowing students to reflect on their clinical experiences. These
courses expand on topics including professional development, residency
applications, and ethical decision making.

In addition to the selective clerkships, students must complete 30 weeks of
elective clerkships. There is great flexibility for students to explore fields
of interest. Students are able to rotate through Keck hospitals, other medical
schools, or even abroad. Students also have the opportunity to dedicate about
8 weeks to research.

**Unique highlights about clinical years:**

  * The Track Mentor Program allows 3rd year students to meet with an assigned mentor who facilitates discussions on topics such as cultural challenges, student well-being, or team development. 

**USC Medical School Clinical Rotation Sites:**

  * LAC + USC Medical Center
  * Keck Hospital of USC
  * Children's Hospital of Los Angeles (CHLA)

### What students are saying about clinical rotations at Keck Med

Serving a diverse patient population was very important to me when choosing a
medical school. My clinical rotations at USC surpassed my expectations in
every way possible. In any given day, I might be speaking with 10 patients all
from various ethnicities.

Because many patients rely on social services, I learned a ton about how to
provide medical care to my underserved patients. I often work with the social
worker to coordinate healthcare after a patient gets discharged.

At UCLA undergrad (I know, we are rivals!) I was involved with the Bruin
Shelter. I've continued my work with improving the health of homeless
individuals here at USC - not only through my clinical rotations, but also
through various community service projects and research projects I've been
involved with here at my time at USC.

I've learned how to provide excellent clinical care without having all
resources at my disposal. I think this will make me a better physician
overall.

__ Previous

__ Next

### Housing

**Where do students live?**

Keck medical school has on-campus housing (Currie Hall) that is popular
amongst 1st year students. It has an abundance on amenities, including a
state-of-the-art fitness center, swimming pool, rooftop deck, hot tub,
recreation areas, and gaming systems. These apartments come fully furnished
and cover internet and utilities. It is conveniently located right on the
health sciences campus, across from Keck hospital. Not to mention, it is
filled with social life and other students who are academically driven. Check
out this link for more information: <https://www.americancampus.com/student-
apartments/ca/los-angeles/currie-hall#amenities>

Aside from student housing, students live all over Los Angeles. Keck medical
school is located in East Los Angeles, so students tend to be concentrated
around that area, but it is not uncommon for students to commute from West Los
Angeles as well. Many students choose to live in Pasadena or Glendale to get
more of a suburban life, while some students stick to the city life by living
downtown. Some even choose to live near the undergraduate campus. It all
depends on preference. It is easy to find roommates; USC sets up Facebook
pages for students to meet each other and find housing. While Los Angeles can
be expensive, it is doable to find affordable housing, especially if living
with a roommate. The staff at Keck would be happy to aid you in finding
housing in the area.

**Student Life:**

Student life is so active at Keck! There are numerous clubs to get involved
in, from medical specialty interest groups, to religious clubs, to artistic
organizations. Keck is a very collaborative and diverse environment, notably
known for its student culture. USC has a strong sports scene, so if you are
interested in that, you may purchase season tickets and easily hop on over to
the undergrad campus (there is a very convenient, free shuttle between the two
campuses). Los Angeles is a hotbed for cultural and artistic vibrancy.
Everyone can find something they enjoy within the city. The beach is nearby,
there are numerous, beautiful hikes, the restaurant scene is spectacular, and
so much more. If you go to Keck, you will be so fulfilled and supported by all
those around you.

**Getting around:**

Almost all students have a car. You will need a car to get around to your
various rotation sites.

### financing

**Financial Considerations:**

  * USC Medical School Tuition and Fees: ~$67,000 + ~$21,000 room and board
  * Average indebtedness of 2019 graduates: ~$218,000

_Source: U.S. News Graduate School Rankings 2021_

### Cracking Med School Admissions Resources

**Here are useful Cracking Med School Admissions resources:**

  * [How To Write A Personal Statement For Medical School](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/personal-statement-for-medical-school/)
  * [Download Cracking Med School Admission's FREE AMCAS Activities Workbook](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/lp/amcas-workbook/download-your-amcas-workbook/)
  * [Premed Timeline: Planning For Medical School Applications](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/premed-timeline/)

**Read our other popular school blogs here:**

  * [How To Get Into UCLA Medical School: Application Tips](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/how-to-get-into-ucla-medical-school/)
  * [UC Irvine Medical School Admissions: Insider’s Perspective to Get Accepted](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/uc-irvine-medical-school-admissions/)
  * [Medical Schools in California: How to Get Accepted & School Profiles](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-schools-in-california/)

## Get Accepted

## Ask Us a Question.  
We help Students just like you Get Into Medical School Each Year!

  * Your Name

  * Your Email

  * Subject

  * Leave Us a Message or Question!

  * ## Post navigation

<-[ Previous Post](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-school-interview-
thank-you-letter/)

[Next Post ->](https://crackingmedadmissions.com/medical-school-repplicant/)

Copyright © 2021 Cracking Med School Admissions

### Start typing and press enter to search

Search … __

Scroll to Top

![RubyHome](https://cdn.sitephotos.sierrastatic.com/1102_logo_rubyhome-socal-
luxury-real-estate-20210326110553.png)

[ MENU ](javascript:;)

  * [Search](/idx/search-form/)

    * [Advanced Search](/idx/search-form/)
    * [By Neighborhood](/communities/)
    * [By Zip Code](/zip-code/)
    * [Map Search](/idx/results/?searchtype=3)

  * [Areas](/communities/)

    * Los Angeles County
    * [Bel Air](/los-angeles/bel-air/)
    * [Beverly Hills](/beverly-hills-ca/)
    * [Brentwood](/los-angeles/brentwood/)
    * [Calabasas](/calabasas-ca/)
    * [Encino](/los-angeles/encino/)
    * [Hidden Hills](/hidden-hills-ca/)
    * [Hollywood Hills](/hollywood-hills/)
    * [Los Angeles](/los-angeles/)
    * [Los Feliz](/los-angeles/los-feliz/)
    * [Malibu](/malibu-ca/)
    * [Pacific Palisades](/los-angeles/pacific-palisades/)
    * [Santa Monica](/santa-monica/)
    * Orange County
    * [Corona Del Mar](/newport-beach-ca/corona-del-mar/)
    * [Crystal Cove](/newport-beach-ca/crystal-cove/)
    * [Dana Point](/dana-point-ca/)
    * [Huntington Beach](/huntington-beach-ca/)
    * [Laguna Beach](/laguna-beach-ca/)
    * [Newport Beach](/newport-beach-ca/)
    * [San Clemente](/san-clemente-ca/)
    * San Diego County
    * [Carlsbad](/carlsbad-ca/)
    * [Carmel Valley](/san-diego-ca/carmel-valley/)
    * [Coronado](/coronado-ca/)
    * [Del Mar](/del-mar-ca/)
    * [Encinitas](/encinitas-ca/)
    * [La Jolla](/san-diego-ca/la-jolla/)
    * [Oceanside](/oceanside-ca/)
    * [Rancho Santa Fe](/rancho-santa-fe-ca/)
    * [San Diego](/san-diego-ca/)
    * [Solana Beach](/solana-beach-ca/)

  * [Styles](/style/)

    * [Los Angeles Styles](/style/los-angeles-county/)
    * [San Diego Styles](/style/san-diego-county/)

  * [Resources](/blog/)

    * [Property Tracker](/idx/property-tracker/)
    * [Los Angeles Market Stats](/statistics/)
    * [Mortgage Calculator](/mortgage-calculator/)
    * [Mortgage Pre-Approval](/buyers/mortgage-pre-approval/)
    * [Sell Your Home](/sellers/)
    * [What's Your Home Worth?](http://laxhomevalues.com/)

  * [Careers](/careers/)
  * [Contact](/contact/)

    * [About RubyHome](/about/)
    * [Agents](/agents/)
    * [Contact Us](/contact/)

  * __ More

  * [Login/](/idx/property-tracker/)[Register](/idx/property-tracker/)
  * [Blog](/blog/)
  * [(323) 678-9004](tel:+13236789004)
  * ____
    * __[ ENGLISH](javascript:;)
    * __[ 中文](javascript:;)
    * __[ FRANÇAIS](javascript:;)
    * __[ 한국어](javascript:;)
    * __[ ITALIANO](javascript:;)
    * __[ 日本語](javascript:;)
    * __[ DEUTSCH](javascript:;)
    * __[ PORTUGUÊS](javascript:;)
    * __[ РУССКИЙ](javascript:;)
    * __[ ESPAÑOL](javascript:;)
    * __[ TIẾNG VIỆT](javascript:;)
    *  

  * [Home](/)
  * [Blog](/blog/)
  * [Communities](/blog/category/communities/)

__[ Back to Blog Posts](/blog/)

__[ Prev](/blog/closing-costs-california/) [Next __](/blog/what-does-a
-realtor-do/)

# Things to Know BEFORE Moving to Los Angeles [2021 Guide]

Posted by **Tony Mariotti** on Wednesday, February 13, 2019 at 9:30 AM By
**Tony Mariotti** / February 13, 2019 __ 1 Comment

![Moving to Los Angeles](https://assets.site-
static.com/userFiles/1102/image/moving_to_los_angeles_california.png)

Thinking of moving to Los Angeles? If the city's population is any measure of
how much people like it, then there's substantial evidence that living in Los
Angeles is pretty great. 3.9 million people live within the city limits and
18.7 million people reside in the L.A. Metro Area. But what is living in Los
Angeles **_really_** like - the people, attitudes, culture, and economic
opportunity? Can you hack big-city living? Do you like warm, sunny weather? If
so, here some of the main reasons why moving to Los Angeles may be a good fit
for you (or not)!

**Planning a move to L.A.? Search [homes for sale in Los Angeles](https://www.rubyhome.com/los-angeles/).**

## **People You'll Meet in Los Angeles**

Los Angeles. is a melting pot on a grand scale. In fact, all of Southern
California is ethnically and culturally diverse; the people who live here come
from everywhere. SoCal residents come from 180 countries and speak 140
languages. If you move to Los Angeles, your neighbors might be from half-way
around the world or the next state over.

![Richard Wyatt Mural](https://assets.site-
static.com/userFiles/1102/image/richard_wyatt_union_station.jpg)  
**Richard Wyatt's "City of Dreams/River of History" at Historic Union Station**

Being a newcomer to Los Angeles is nothing new. Starting with contact between
the area's First Peoples and Spanish explorers in 1542, to the first
settlement in 1781, and all the way up to present day, L.A. has consistently
grown via an influx of immigrants.

That's why there are as many versions of Los Angeles as there are Angelinos.
Each have their reasons for coming here and perspectives on why it's a great
place to call home. The West Coast has always been a place for dreamers and
entrepreneurs. Los Angeles is still that way today, the modern American
frontier.

**Quick fact:** Los Angeles does not have a majority population.

  * 47.9% Hispanic or Latino
  * 27.5% White, non-Hispanic
  * 13.7% Asian/Pacific Islander
  * 8.1% African-American
  * 2.8% American Indian/Others

_Source: U.S. Census Bureau - 2013 American Community Survey_

## **Los Angeles Lifestyle**

### First Impressions: Living in Los Angeles

One of the first things you'll notice, after moving to Los Angeles, is the
_alarming_ number of people hanging out in cafes during business hours. You
might ask yourself, "Why are so many people not at work on a Monday at 11:00
am? Does anyone _have a job_ in this town?"

Many careers in Los Angeles - from entertainment to fashion - aren't typical,
year-round, 9-to-5 gigs. For example, people involved with theater plays,
films, and television shows work seasonally. The production side of the
entertainment business has stretches of downtime (weeks or even months),
giving folks a lot of freedom. You'll see a lot of people roaming around L.A.
when you'd normally expect people to be hidden away in an office building.

Plus, not every occupation even requires an office. A lot of writers peck away
at their laptop keyboards in cafes. Actors tend to move around during the day,
too, going to auditions and then earning their rent money waiting tables at
night.

You'll also come to realize that not everyone here works in "the industry"
(synonym for the entertainment business). There are plenty of other employers
and job opportunities in town, covered below.

### Casual Attitudes

If you're moving to Los Angeles, no doubt you'll notice the laid-back
California style. The "chill" attitude prevails everywhere, regardless of
position or profession.

The dress code here is casual. People go to work and go out for a night on the
town in jeans. T-shirts and flip flops are commonplace. You might even say the
casual dress code here is a form of camouflage. You never know who that guy
sitting next to you in the dive bar -- with a scruffy beard, wearing the jean
jacket -- might be. He could be a big-time record or motion picture producer.
Watch him when he leaves. He'll be the guy in the valet line picking up his
Range Rover.

You think I'm kidding about valet parking at a dive bar? We even have a
complimentary valet at [Denny's](https://www.dennys.com/)!

![Denny's Valet](https://assets.site-static.com/userFiles/1102/image/dennys-
valet.jpg)**Valet Parking is Everywhere in Los Angeles**

In spite of the laid back attitude, people here do manage to dress nicely.
After all, L.A. is home to very influential fashion designers and apparel
manufacturers. The city is rife with fashionistas.

Being laid back has a few drawbacks. Angelinos are known to be flaky. It's
normal for people show up late to parties or not show up at all, even if
they've RSVP'd. "Hey, man, I was going to show up to your party but the swells
at Zuma Beach were epic and we surfed past sunset."

### Healthy Living

Swing your yoga mat in any direction and you will hit a yogi or yoga studio.
They are everywhere! If it's healthy or trendy, you'll find it in Los Angeles.
Need an organic juice fix? There's a juice bar right around the corner. Want
to join a Crossfit gym? Which one?

L.A. is the kind of place that encourages anything new and healthy, a mindset
that is fairly typical for the entire West Coast. Depending upon your
tolerance for trendiness, you might find the constant introduction of the
latest diet and exercise fads as a small, regular annoyance. People here love
to try and talk about "what's new." Here's a re-usable joke; one to keep in
your quiver and pull out whenever you need it. Just substitute any "healthy
lifestyle" word below:

Q: How do you know your friend is [vegan/paleo/loves kale/does Crossfit]?

A: They'll tell you.

Fads aside, one thing everyone can agree upon is the value of a good local
farmer's market. And, Los Angeles has a ton of them. In fact, there are so
many, the Los Angeles Times created a searchable
[database](http://projects.latimes.com/farmers-markets/).

Given the combination of healthy lifestyles and a production mindset in this
town, one would have to believe the parody video "Yoga Girl" was inevitable.
Watching it is worth every second, and a few laughs.

### L.A. Traffic

Sitting in traffic is a big, unfortunate part of living in Los Angeles. While
the City of Los Angeles is increasing the number of subway lines and Metro
ridership slowly increases, cars are still the modi operandi.

You might be asking yourself why "traffic" falls under the "lifestyle" section
of this article? It's because you will spend so much of your life in your car,
stuck on the 101, 405, 605, 110 or 210 to name a few. Oh! That's another
thing: people here refer to freeways by number, not by name.

Living in Los Angeles means dealing with traffic congestion all the time.
Freeways are jammed with normal Monday thru Friday commuters but don't expect
any relief on weekends. People drive everywhere, every day. You can easily get
stuck on the Southbound 101 on a Saturday morning. Here's traffic for a
typical evening commute. For perspective, the scale for the image below is
about 50 miles wide.

![Los Angeles Traffic Jam](https://assets.site-static.com/userFiles/1102/image
/los-angeles-rush-hour.png)**Traffic in Los Angeles is Very Heavy During
Commuter Hours**

I have only one rule regarding L.A. traffic and all of my friends and family
who come to visit me in Los Angeles know it: if you want me to drive you
around (sightseeing, etc.), it must take place from 10 am to 2 pm. That means
I'm happy to pick you up or drop you off at the airport or play tour guide
while you are here as long we do it in that midday window. For folks moving to
L.A., from another city or merely across town, HireAHelper has some data that
suggests a similar time window as the [best time of day to
move](https://www.hireahelper.com/movers/los-angeles_ca/).

Gnarly traffic makes getting together with friends for a drink or dinner
harder than it would be in San Francisco or New York. Los Angeles is very
spread out, which affects everything. Want good food and a place to hang with
your pals? You can have it, but you will **_work_** for it. In New York or San
Francisco, you're never more than a short walk or a couple of subway stops
from a great, casual neighborhood restaurant or bar. In Los Angeles, you will
get in your car and drive (or use a ride sharing service) for a night out.
Going anywhere takes effort.

**Quick fact: **68% of people in LA [drive to work alone](https://censusreporter.org/profiles/16000US0644000-los-angeles-ca/).

The arrival of motorized scooters like Bird and Lime have made it much easier
to make short hops around the neighborhood and to get to local transit hubs.
They solve one of the biggest challenges for urban planners; they mitigate the
"last mile" problem by making it easier for people to get to a transit stop
who live just beyond walking distance from it.

## **The Food Scene in Los Angeles**

Now that you know the kind of transportation effort it takes for a night out
on the town, let's talk about the food itself. Every major city in the United
States has expensive restaurants you can go to for special occasions. Los
Angeles has no shortage of places to throw around money on fine dining.

But a better measure of a city's food scene are the "everyday" places you meet
friends or co-workers to relax. Even though going out in Los Angeles often
requires travel, don't fret. Amonge [L.A.'s best
neighborhoods](https://www.rubyhome.com/blog/los-angeles-neighborhoods/)
you'll find pockets of ethnic and mom 'n pops restaurants that are on par or
better than other cities.

Some neighborhoods are the cultural focal point for specific immigrant groups
which, as luck will have it, means you can find a high concentration of ethnic
fare. Here are some must-visit neighborhoods, rich in gastronomic opportunity.

  * Thai Town - Thai
  * Koreatown - Korean
  * Boyle Heights - Hispanic
  * Little Ethiopia - Ethiopian
  * Tehrangeles - Persian (Tehran + Los Angeles = Tehrangeles)
  * Little Armenia (or Glendale) - Armenian
  * Little Tokyo (or Gardena or [Sawtelle](http://maps.latimes.com/neighborhoods/neighborhood/sawtelle/)) - Japanese
  * Chinatown (or Monterey Park) - Chinese

![Koreatown Restaurant](https://assets.site-static.com/userFiles/1102/image
/korean-bbq-los-angeles.jpg)**Koreatown Restaurants are Top Notch. Some Offer
All You Can Eat (AYCE) Pricing**

There are a couple more things you need to know about the Los Angeles food
scene that set this city apart from all others.

**Sushi?** No other city in the United States compares to the availability and quality of sushi found in Los Angeles. You will not find better sushi outside of Tokyo. Period. While differing opinions on sushi are your constitutional right, no intellectually honest person would dare waiver from the thought that LA is not sushi heaven.

**Pizza?** New Yorkers living in L.A. complain about the paucity of good pizza here. Getting a slice in Los Angeles is not the same experience as it is in NYC. New Yorkers frequently and repeatedly air their pizza grievances. Yet if they leave for any period of time, they'll admit how much they miss L.A.'s amazing sushi, Thai food, tacos or Korean barbecue. If you're moving to Los Angeles from New York, you're trading away good pizza but getting many other culinary treats in exchange. It's a very good trade. Your East Coast pizza isn't going anywhere; you can get a slice on your next trip home for the holidays.

**Burgers?** What's the first stop an Angelino or savvy tourist makes when they fly into BUR or LAX? In-N-Out Burger! Even vegetarians living in Los Angeles admit their #1 Kryptonite is stuffing one's face with a "Double-Double, animal style." Check out In-N-Out's [not-so-secret menu](http://www.in-n-out.com/menu/not-so-secret-menu.aspx) that lets you modify an order to your liking.

## **Working in Los Angeles**

**Moving to L.A. for a job? We've got all the [home listings in Los Angeles](https://www.rubyhome.com/los-angeles/).**

When you think of Los Angeles, show business might be the first thing that
comes to mind, but the city is economically diverse like its people. This is
the place where technology and fashion entrepreneurs grow their businesses
from scratch into global brands. Big brands you know and love have deep roots
and are headquartered here, ones you know and love like Tesla, Nestle, Honda
and Dole Foods.

Here are the major sectors of economic activity in L.A.:

  * Entertainment
  * Information Technology
  * Aerospace & Defense
  * Fashion
  * Bioscience
  * Hospitality & Tourism
  * Trade
  * Marketing, Design & Publishing

### The Entertainment Business

When you peel back the most visible, outward facing layers of the
entertainment business, you'll realize most jobs in "the industry" are behind-
the-scenes.

Motion picture studios and theme parks have all the familiar big-company
departments like accounting, human resources, facilities management, fleet
management, etc. These are the everyday occupations that make LA's
entertainment industry fire on all cylinders. Studios are staffed like any
other large enterprise.

After living in Los Angeles a few months, you'll start to realize how massive
the entertainment industry really is. It employs a lot of people, not just the
entertainers you see in the spotlight. Your neighbor to the left might be a
music composer and the neighbor to the right might be a studio electrician.

### Information Technology and Sciences

The tech scene in LA is another driver of economic activity. It is home to
thousands of internet startups and large, long-time technology powerhouses.
Biotech and aerospace companies employ thousands of scientists and
technologists. New era space travel company, SpaceX, employs over 4,000
people.

![Space X Launch](https://assets.site-static.com/userFiles/1102/image/spacex-
los-angeles.jpg)**SpaceX is Redefining How Space Travel and Privatization  
**

### Fashion

Los Angeles is a major hub for fashion.The downtown Los Angeles [Fashion
District](http://fashiondistrict.org/) is home to 100 blocks of independently
owned retail and wholesale businesses. You will find designer showrooms,
boutique stores, all the way up to the campuses of large apparel companies
like GUESS and American Apparel.

### Trade

Los Angeles is an international city for both cultural diversity and trade.
The Port of Los Angeles and Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) move
billions of dollars in products and millions of passengers through the area
each year.

**Quick facts:**

  * The Port of Los Angeles imports and exports $1.2B worth of goods each day.
  * The adjoining Port of Long Beach, second in the nation only to the Port of Los Angeles, moves $100B in annual trade.
  * Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) moves 75M passengers each year.

## **Los Angeles Weather**

Los Angeles is known around the world as warm, sunny place. The weather here
is factor that contributes to the area's natural beauty. Hardly a day will
pass where you won't spot native exotic flowers such as Bird of Paradise,
Jacaranda, Hibiscus and Bougainvillea. Here's a look at the average monthly
temperatures in L.A, high and low.

![Los Angeles Monthly Temperatures](https://assets.site-
static.com/userFiles/1102/image/monthly-average-temperatures-los-
angeles.png)**Monthly Average Temperatures in Los Angeles**

What a lot of folks don't know is that it's a sprawling metropolis built on a
desert basin. Without an aqueduct piping millions of gallons of water into the
area, Los Angeles would most certainly be uninhabitable to millions of its
residents. We don't get much rain.

![Los Angeles Monthly Precipitation](https://assets.site-
static.com/userFiles/1102/image/los-angeles-average-
precipitation.png)**Precipitation Data Courtesy of
[Weather.com](https://weather.com/)**

### Mediterranean Climate

The L.A. Basin also happens to border an ocean, which gives it a unique
climate. Where deserts and oceans collide, weather systems mashup to create a
Mediterranean Climate.

The climate in Los Angeles is best characterized by warm days and cool nights.
That's because cooler ocean air moves across the L.A. Basin when the sun goes
down, providing a bit of welcome relief during the hotter summer months. Los
Angeles is one of the only major cities in the world where you can enjoy a
comfortable Mediterranean climate year-round.

There are several microclimates, too. Ocean communities are generally cooler
than inland areas. The San Fernando Valley is hotter and drier. Neighborhoods
that are 5 miles apart can vary in temperature by 10 degrees or more. It could
be 65 degrees in [Santa Monica](https://www.rubyhome.com/santa-monica/), 75
degrees [Downtown](https://www.rubyhome.com/los-angeles/downtown/) and 85
degrees in the inland valleys.

Occasionally, Santa Ana winds kick in and push the area's prevailing winds in
the opposite direction, moving air masses from drier inland areas across the
L.A. Basin to the Pacific Ocean. Santa Ana winds are active mostly in the fall
months and bring drier air (i.e. very low humidity) to the city. Fall here is
dry and comfortable.

**Quick facts:**

  * 292 annual days of sunshine
  * 35 annual days of rain
  * 72 degrees average daily temperature

### Fog and Smog

Angelinos sometimes wake up to foggy skies, created by ocean air that moves
inland and settles over the basin at night. Fog typically burns off by mid-
day, depending on how near or far you live from the ocean. The extra moisture
in the air combines with car exhaust to produce the region's infamous smog.

Due to aggressive California emission standards, there's a lot [less
smog](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/04/160412160352.htm) here
than the 1960s and 70s. Days of thick, brown smog layers are fewer and farther
between. In fact, they are now rare. While low to medium air quality is a fact
of life here, the former era of itching and tearing eyes are mostly a thing of
the past.

## **Things to Do in Los Angeles**

The always-sunny weather in Los Angeles inspires people to get outside. As a
world-class city, living in Los Angeles means you can also get your fill of
art, music and culture. Whatever you're into, indoor or outdoor activities,
you can find them here. Any day or night of the week you will find something
to do in Los Angeles.

### Southern California Beaches

One of the first things people take advantage of, after moving to Los Angeles,
is venturing to a local beach. Beaches here are perfect for running, walking,
cycling, volleyball, surfing or rollerblading. If you just want to pull up a
lawn chair and read a book or get a tan, that's okay, too. Malibu Beach is
great for celebrity sightings, Venice Beach for people watching and Manhattan
Beach for surfing.

### Mountain Ranges

The Los Angeles Basin is surrounded and divided by mountain ranges. The Santa
Monica Mountains split L.A. County into sections north and south while the San
Gabriel Range borders the Eastern edge. You can go from 9 feet below sea level
to heights of 10,800 feet with a short drive and little hiking.

Angelinos love hiking. Runyon Canyon is perfect for a quick glute workout but
can get crowded. You'll find more space, fewer crowds and 53 miles of trails
in Griffith Park. No matter where you hike, trails in Los Angeles reward you
with incredible views. There are over 300 public parks in the Santa Monica
Mountains so no one is going to run out of _room to roam_ anytime soon. People
new to the area are often surprised at the amount of land that is open and
available for public use. The image below shows the Santa Monica Mountains
from the Pacific Palisades to Glendale.

![Santa Monica Mountains](https://assets.site-
static.com/userFiles/1102/image/Santa_Monica_Mountains.png)**Los Angeles is
More Verdant Than Most People Expect**

[Griffith Park](/blog/griffith-park/) is 4,310 acres of fun. It's home to Los
Angeles Zoo, Greek Theatre, Griffith Observatory and the Hollywood Sign. Much
of the park is untamed, and you can cross paths with wild quail, rodents,
spiders, foxes, coyotes, rattlesnakes and deer. You might even see a mountain
lion. If hiking isn't your cup of tea,
[horseback](http://www.sunsetranchhollywood.com/) tours are available daily.

### Nightlife

Each neighborhood has its flavor of fun, from West Hollywood and The Sunset
Strip to the recently revitalized Downtown Los Angeles (DTLA).

Music fans might get lucky and catch big, well-known national bands playing
smaller clubs on "The Strip" made famous in the 1960s. Rock out at clubs like
Whisky A Go Go, The Rainbow and Troubadour. If you don't catch your favorite
band ripping up a small club, just know that every artist plays L.A. Whether
they play a small club or the Hollywood Bowl, if your favorite band is on
tour, they're coming here.

Or maybe you'd rather take things into your own hands and sing your heart out
at a karaoke bar in Koreatown?

If you're a fan of classic cocktails (e.g. a properly made Manhattan or Old
Fashioned) and dimly lit art deco rooms, moving to Los Angeles could make you
_very_ happy. DTLA is where the best bartenders in the city ply their craft.
If you're really lucky, someone might let you into a modern speakeasy.

### Art & Culture

L.A. County is home to 100 museums and range from those that specialize in
fine art to La Brea Tar Pits, where you can see fossilized dinosaur bones.

Large music venues include Disney Concert Hall (home to L.A. Phil) as well as
the very popular Hollywood Bowl and Greek Theatre.

Getty Center ("[The Getty](http://www.getty.edu/)") is one of the world's
largest art organizations a favorite museum for many Anglinos. Housed on a
24-acre hilltop campus, overlooking the L.A. Basin, The Getty is home to two
things: 1) One of the best views of Los Angeles, and 2) A world-class art
collection. Best of all, it's **free**! The Getty is funded by a very large
trust. All you have to do is pay for parking, then hop on a tram ride up the
hill. People spend the whole day taking in amazing art and city views.

![The Getty Museum](https://assets.site-static.com/userFiles/1102/image/getty-
center-los-angeles.jpg)**Find Exceptional Art and Views at The Getty Center**

You can also catch major plays and musical productions at Pantages Theater,
Ahmanson Theatre and Geffen Playhouse. Smaller theaters dot the city where you
can see up-and-coming performers as well.

Spend an evening perusing local art galleries and rubbing elbows with artists
at any one of 16 [art walks](http://www.laweekly.com/arts/the-definitive-
guide-to-los-angeles-art-walks-5510380) in the area.

### Sports Teams in Los Angeles

Los Angeles is home to collegiate and professional sports teams. If you love
attending live sporting events, you'll have plenty of choices living in Los
Angeles.

**Football** - Do you like tailgating and spending a Saturday afternoon watching college football? Catch Pac-12 Conference powerhouses USC Trojans or UCLA Bruins tear up the turf in the L.A. Coliseum or Rose Bowl, their respective home fields. If NFL is more your style, you can cheer for the Los Angeles Rams or Los Angeles Chargers.

![Rose Bowl Stadium](https://assets.site-static.com/userFiles/1102/image/rose-
bowl.jpg)**The Rose Bowl is home to the UCLA Bruins and the Annual Rose Bowl
Game**

**Baseball** - Los Angeles has been home to the Dodgers since 1957. Baseball games are a relaxing way to enjoy a warm summer night, cold beer and a Dodger Dog, the official team hot dog, and a decades-long tradition.

**Basketball** \- Los Angeles is home to three professional basketball teams. NBA teams Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers are crosstown rivals, both competing in the NBA's Western Conference, Pacific Division. They share the same home court, Staples Center, along with WNBA team, Los Angeles Sparks. Staples Center is a modern, comfortable arena with several VIP amenities for both sporting events and concerts.

**Hockey** \- L.A. Kings is another hometown team that calls Staples Center home ice. If you're moving to Los Angeles from the East Coast, you won't have to give up live hockey. West Coast fans are die hard supporters.

**Soccer** \- If professional soccer is your cup of tea, pick from one of two MLS teams, L.A. Galaxy (chartered in 1996) or Los Angeles FC (charted in 2014).

The sports scene in Los Angeles is so big and diverse; you might even find
yourself attending a Polo match or taking in an evening of Roller Derby!

## **World-Class Education**

Moving to Los Angeles gives you access to exceptional postsecondary academic
institutions. L.A. is home to world-class universities and colleges. Schools
here lead the way in research and academic disciplines. L.A. is a great place
to earn your college degree or beef up your _curriculum vitae_ with a masters
or Ph.D. Here are the big-time postsecondary schools in Los Angeles:

  * University of Southern California ([USC](http://www.usc.edu/))
  * University of California Los Angeles ([UCLA](http://www.ucla.edu/))
  * California Institute of Technology ([Caltech](https://www.caltech.edu/))

## **Annual Events in Los Angeles**

When L.A. throws a party, the whole world watches. Even before moving to Los
Angeles, you'll know many of the city's annual events by name. L.A is host to
major entertainment award shows, like the Oscars, no doubt you've watched on
TV.

But did you know L.A. is home to the largest Halloween party in the world?
West Hollywood's Halloween Carnaval draws an estimated 500,000 revelers to
Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood. Get decked out in your Halloween
costume and join the party!!

Here's a rundown for some of the large annual events in Los Angeles:

  * [L.A. Marathon](http://www.lamarathon.com/)
  * Tournament of Roses Parade
  * Rose Bowl Game
  * Golden Globe Awards
  * Grammy Awards
  * Academy Awards
  * NoHo Theatre & Arts Festival
  * [L.A. Film Festival](http://www.filmindependent.org/la-film-festival/)
  * L.A. Pride Festival
  * July 4th Fireworks Spectacular - Hollywood Bowl
  * Emmy Awards
  * Halloween Carnaval - West Hollywood
  * L.A. Auto Show
  * Hollywood Christmas Parade

![L.A. Marathon](https://assets.site-static.com/userFiles/1102/image/la-
marathon.jpg)**25,000 Runners Participate in the L.A. Marathon**

## **More Interesting Facts About Living in Los Angeles**

  * From 1901 and 1963, before LA became known for huge freeways jammed with cars, it had a complete streetcar system, the [Los Angeles Railway](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles_Railway).
  * Built in 1901 and billed as the "shortest railway in the world," the 298-foot [Angels Flight](https://www.metro.net/riding/maps/angels-flight/) still operates today. You can even use your Metro pass to pay for the short ride up the hill from L.A.'s Historic Core to Bunker Hill.
  * Capital Records is located in the world's first circular office building, designed to look like a stack of LP records. The topmost light on its rooftop blinks in Morse code and spells "H-O-L-L-Y-W-O-O-D."
  * The Hollywood Sign was originally an advertisement for a real estate development in the Hollywood Hills from 1923 to 1949. The L-A-N-D letters are obviously no longer there but the neighborhood below in [Beachwood Canyon](https://www.rubyhome.com/blog/living-in-beachwood-canyon/) still bears the name Hollywoodland. A [trust](http://hollywoodsign.org/hollywood-sign-trust/) maintains the sign.
  * Griffith Park is one of the largest municipal parks in North America, sporting 53 miles of hiking trails and even has a horse ranch. You can take a horseback tour seven days a week.
  * Griffith Observatory has working telescopes. After the sun goes down, visitors can take a turn viewing the rings of Saturn. It's also where the Apollo astronauts learned how to navigate the stars.
  * L.A.'s [steepest street](http://articles.latimes.com/2003/aug/21/local/me-surround21) has a 33% grade. It should remain the steepest for a very long time because the city has limited street grades to about 15% since the 1950s.

## **Final Thoughts: Moving to Los Angeles**

Hopefully after reading this, you'll conclude that Los Angeles neither
monolithic in terms of the people who live here nor the work they do. The
landscape is not a barren, urban jungle of concrete and cars. Angelinos find
the city quite livable and downright fun and interesting. There are so many
museums, activities, sights, sounds, and foods to discover and enjoy. Living
in Los Angeles is never dull.

### Discussion

**#1 By Daz T at 5/27/2019 0:22 PM**

This is a really interesting read, thanks for putting it together.  
  
I'm from the UK and can't wait to pay LA a visit soon!

### Post a Comment

To post a comment about this blog entry, [click here](javascript:
addComment\(2604\);).

### Related Posts

![Top Los Angeles Suburbs for Home Shoppers](https://assets.site-
static.com/blogphotos/thumb/1102/2607-los-angeles-suburbs.png)

## [Top Los Angeles Suburbs for Home Shoppers

](/blog/los-angeles-suburbs/)

The Greater Los Angeles area is massive; Los Angeles County covers 4,751
square miles. The size can make it tricky for home ...

[Read More](/blog/los-angeles-suburbs/)

Posted by **Tony Mariotti** on September 25, 2018

![9505 Lania Lane Beverly Hills: Palazzo di Amore](https://assets.site-
static.com/blogphotos/thumb/1102/13264-9505-lania-lane-beverly-hills-palazzo-
di-amore.jpg)

## [9505 Lania Lane Beverly Hills: Palazzo di Amore

](/blog/9505-lania-lane/)

Article Updated Saturday, January 16, 2021 The Property At the end of a
quarter-mile private driveway sits a mansion named ...

[Read More](/blog/9505-lania-lane/)

Posted by **Tony Mariotti** on November 29, 2014

Blog Navigation

#### Posts By Category

[All Categories](/blog/) [Articles for Realtors (2)](/blog/category/articles-
for-realtors/) [Buying a Home (14)](/blog/category/buying-a-home/)
[Communities (23)](/blog/category/communities/) [Financing a Home
(13)](/blog/category/financing-a-home/) [Selling Your Home (2)](/blog/category
/selling-your-home/)

#### Posts By Month

[August, 2021 (1)](/blog/month/8-2021/) [March, 2021 (1)](/blog/month/3-2021/)
[January, 2021 (5)](/blog/month/1-2021/) [December, 2020
(4)](/blog/month/12-2020/) [November, 2020 (2)](/blog/month/11-2020/)
[February, 2020 (1)](/blog/month/2-2020/) [January, 2020
(1)](/blog/month/1-2020/) [July, 2019 (2)](/blog/month/7-2019/) [March, 2019
(1)](/blog/month/3-2019/) [February, 2019 (2)](/blog/month/2-2019/) [December,
2018 (2)](/blog/month/12-2018/) [September, 2018 (1)](/blog/month/9-2018/)
[August, 2018 (1)](/blog/month/8-2018/) [July, 2018 (2)](/blog/month/7-2018/)
[June, 2018 (1)](/blog/month/6-2018/) [May, 2018 (2)](/blog/month/5-2018/)
[March, 2018 (3)](/blog/month/3-2018/) [October, 2017
(1)](/blog/month/10-2017/) [August, 2017 (2)](/blog/month/8-2017/) [July, 2017
(4)](/blog/month/7-2017/) [June, 2017 (1)](/blog/month/6-2017/) [May, 2017
(2)](/blog/month/5-2017/) [April, 2017 (1)](/blog/month/4-2017/) [September,
2016 (1)](/blog/month/9-2016/) [July, 2016 (1)](/blog/month/7-2016/) [June,
2016 (2)](/blog/month/6-2016/) [April, 2016 (1)](/blog/month/4-2016/) [March,
2016 (1)](/blog/month/3-2016/) [February, 2015 (1)](/blog/month/2-2015/)
[November, 2014 (1)](/blog/month/11-2014/) [August, 2014
(1)](/blog/month/8-2014/) [June, 2014 (1)](/blog/month/6-2014/) [April, 2014
(1)](/blog/month/4-2014/)

[Grab Our RSS Feed __](/blog/rss/)

![Los Angeles Real Estate Market Stats](https://assets.site-
static.com/userFiles/1102/image/Los%20Angeles%20Market%20Report.png)

#### LOS ANGELES MARKET REPORT

Get the latest real estate market report. Find out how prices are moving in
Los Angeles.

[See the Report](https://www.rubyhome.com/statistics/)

![Home Valuation](https://assets.site-
static.com/userFiles/1102/image/Home_Valuation.png)

#### FREE HOME VALUATION

Thinking of selling your home? Find out what your home is worth in today's
market.

[Get an Estimate](http://laxhomevalues.com/)

Search All Area Listings

Enter Location, Zip, Address or MLS #

Search Homes [Advanced Search](/idx/search-form/)

Los Angeles County

  * [Agoura Hills](/agoura-hills-ca/)
  * [Altadena](/altadena-ca/)
  * [Bel Air](/los-angeles/bel-air/)
  * [Beverly Hills](/beverly-hills-ca/)
  * [Brentwood](/los-angeles/brentwood/)
  * [Burbank](/burbank-ca/)
  * [Calabasas](/calabasas-ca/)
  * [Culver City](/culver-city/)
  * [Downtown LA](/los-angeles/downtown/)
  * [Echo Park](/los-angeles/echo-park/)
  * [Encino](/los-angeles/encino/)
  * [Glendale](/glendale-ca/)
  * [Hancock Park](/los-angeles/hancock-park/)
  * [Hermosa Beach](/hermosa-beach-ca/)
  * [Hollywood](/los-angeles/hollywood-ca/)
  * [Hollywood Hills](/hollywood-hills/)
  * [Los Angeles](/los-angeles/)
  * [Los Feliz](/los-angeles/los-feliz/)
  * [Malibu](/malibu-ca/)
  * [Manhattan Beach](/manhattan-beach-ca/)
  * [Marina del Rey](/marina-del-rey/)
  * [Northeast LA](/los-angeles/northeast/)
  * [North Hollywood](/los-angeles/north-hollywood/)
  * [Pacific Palisades](/los-angeles/pacific-palisades/)
  * [Palos Verdes Peninsula](/palos-verdes-peninsula-ca/)
  * [Pasadena](/pasadena-ca/)
  * [Redondo Beach](/redondo-beach-ca/)
  * [San Marino](/san-marino-ca/)
  * [Santa Monica](/santa-monica/)
  * [Sherman Oaks](/los-angeles/sherman-oaks/)
  * [Silver Lake](/los-angeles/silver-lake-ca/)
  * [Studio City](/los-angeles/studio-city/)
  * [Tarzana](/los-angeles/tarzana/)
  * [Toluca Lake](/los-angeles/toluca-lake/)
  * [Topanga](/topanga/)
  * [Venice](/los-angeles/venice-ca/)
  * [West Hollywood](/west-hollywood/)
  * [Westwood](/los-angeles/westwood/)
  * [Woodland Hills](/los-angeles/woodland-hills/)

### Contact

![](https://assets.site-static.com/userFiles/1102/image/RubyHome_Footer.png)  
RubyHome  
407 N Maple Drive, Ground Floor  
Beverly Hills, CA 90210  
O: [(323) 678-9004](tel:+13236789004)  
E: [Email Us](javascript:void\(0\))  
Tony Mariotti DRE#02037147  

### Connect

  * __[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/RubyHomeHQ/)
  * __[Twitter](https://twitter.com/RubyHomeHQ)
  * __[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/tonymariotti/)
  * __[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCupVy-3Bw-z8fLpHcGBv8oA)

### Navigation

  * [Search](/idx/search-form/)
  *   * [Areas](/communities/)
  *   * [Styles](/style/)
  *   * [Resources](/blog/)
  *   * [Careers](/careers/)
  *   * [Contact](/contact/)
  * ### Popular Searches

  * [Bel Air](/los-angeles/bel-air/)
  * [Beverly Hills](/beverly-hills-ca/)
  * [La Jolla](/san-diego-ca/la-jolla/)
  * [Malibu](/malibu-ca/)
  * [Newport Beach](/newport-beach-ca/)

**[Accessibility**](/accessibility/) |[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service/) |[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/) |[DMCA Notice](/dmca-notice/) |[Property Listings](/idx/site-map/) |[Sitemap](/site-map/)  
(C) Copyright 2021 RubyHome. All Rights Reserved.

__ __

[Real Estate Websites by **Sierra
Interactive**](http://www.sierrainteractive.com/)

__

## We're Here to Help

**Feel free to reach out any time:**

RubyHome

407 N Maple Drive, Ground Floor

Beverly Hills, CA 90210

O: [(323) 678-9004](tel:+13236789004)

E: [Email Us](javascript:void\(0\))

Tony Mariotti DRE#02037147

### Connect

  * __[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/RubyHomeHQ/)
  * __[Twitter](https://twitter.com/RubyHomeHQ)
  * __[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/tonymariotti/)
  * __[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCupVy-3Bw-z8fLpHcGBv8oA)

## Have a Question or Want a Free Market Report?

[Contact Us](/contact/)

  * [Home](/)
  * [Blog](/blog/)
  * Search__
    * [Advanced Search](/idx/search-form/)
    * [By Neighborhood](/communities/)
    * [By Zip Code](/zip-code/)
    * [Map Search](/idx/results/?searchtype=3)
  * Areas__
    * Los Angeles County
    * [Bel Air](/los-angeles/bel-air/)
    * [Beverly Hills](/beverly-hills-ca/)
    * [Brentwood](/los-angeles/brentwood/)
    * [Calabasas](/calabasas-ca/)
    * [Encino](/los-angeles/encino/)
    * [Hidden Hills](/hidden-hills-ca/)
    * [Hollywood Hills](/hollywood-hills/)
    * [Los Angeles](/los-angeles/)
    * [Los Feliz](/los-angeles/los-feliz/)
    * [Malibu](/malibu-ca/)
    * [Pacific Palisades](/los-angeles/pacific-palisades/)
    * [Santa Monica](/santa-monica/)
    * Orange County
    * [Corona Del Mar](/newport-beach-ca/corona-del-mar/)
    * [Crystal Cove](/newport-beach-ca/crystal-cove/)
    * [Dana Point](/dana-point-ca/)
    * [Huntington Beach](/huntington-beach-ca/)
    * [Laguna Beach](/laguna-beach-ca/)
    * [Newport Beach](/newport-beach-ca/)
    * [San Clemente](/san-clemente-ca/)
    * San Diego County
    * [Carlsbad](/carlsbad-ca/)
    * [Carmel Valley](/san-diego-ca/carmel-valley/)
    * [Coronado](/coronado-ca/)
    * [Del Mar](/del-mar-ca/)
    * [Encinitas](/encinitas-ca/)
    * [La Jolla](/san-diego-ca/la-jolla/)
    * [Oceanside](/oceanside-ca/)
    * [Rancho Santa Fe](/rancho-santa-fe-ca/)
    * [San Diego](/san-diego-ca/)
    * [Solana Beach](/solana-beach-ca/)

  * Styles__
    * [Los Angeles Styles](/style/los-angeles-county/)
    * [San Diego Styles](/style/san-diego-county/)
  * Resources__
    * [Property Tracker](/idx/property-tracker/)
    * [Los Angeles Market Stats](/statistics/)
    * [Mortgage Calculator](/mortgage-calculator/)
    * [Mortgage Pre-Approval](/buyers/mortgage-pre-approval/)
    * [Sell Your Home](/sellers/)
    * [What's Your Home Worth?](http://laxhomevalues.com/)
  * [Careers](/careers/)
  * Contact__
    * [About RubyHome](/about/)
    * [Agents](/agents/)
    * [Contact Us](/contact/)

Questions? We're Here to Help

__

## We're Here to Help

**Feel free to reach out any time:**

RubyHome

407 N Maple Drive, Ground Floor

Beverly Hills, CA 90210

O: [(323) 678-9004](tel:+13236789004)

E: [Email Us](javascript:void\(0\))

Tony Mariotti DRE#02037147

### Connect

  * __[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/RubyHomeHQ/)
  * __[Twitter](https://twitter.com/RubyHomeHQ)
  * __[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/tonymariotti/)
  * __[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCupVy-3Bw-z8fLpHcGBv8oA)

## Have a Question or Want a Free Market Report?

[Contact Us](/contact/)

Skip to content

[ ![Clicking on this logo for USC University of Southern California will take
you to usc.edu](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/wp-content/themes/Avada-Child-
Theme/keck/img/usc-logo.png) ](https://www.usc.edu/)

  * [Contact Us](/contact-us/)
  * [Keck School News & Events](/keck-school-news-events/)
  * [Current Students](https://my.usc.edu/portal/guest.php)
  * [Faculty](/faculty-search/)
  * [Community Engagement](/community-engagement)

[

Are you a patient? Visit keckmedicine.org

](https://www.keckmedicine.org/)

[

![Clicking on this logo for Keck School of Medicine of USC will take you to
keck.usc.edu](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/wp-content/themes/Avada-Child-
Theme/keck/img/logo_keckUSC.svg)

](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/../)

  * [Education](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=352)

    * [MD Program](/education/md-program/)

    * [PhD Programs](/education/phd-programs/)

    * [Professional Degree Programs](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=112)

    * [Postdoctoral Programs](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=114)

    * [Master’s Programs](https://keck.usc.edu/education/graduate-programs/masters-programs/)

    * [Undergraduate Programs](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=128)

    * [Residency & Clinical Fellowships](https://keck.usc.edu/education/residency-clinical-fellowships/)

    * [Continuing Medical Education](/cme/)

  * [Research](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=425)

    * [About Our Research](/research/about-keck-school-of-medicine-research/)

    * [Institutes, Centers & Programs](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=70014)

    * [Research Resources](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=67)

    * [Research Training & Education](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=436)

    * [Grants & Funding](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=441)

    * [Webcast Archives](http://keckmedia.usc.edu/Mediasite/Catalog/catalogs/keck-research-seminar)

  * [Departments](/clinical-departments)

    * [Department of Anesthesiology](/anesthesiology/)

    * [Department of Dermatology](/dermatology/)

    * [Department of Emergency Medicine](/emergency-medicine/)

    * [Department of Family Medicine](/family-medicine/)

    * [Department of Medicine](/medicine/)

    * [Department of Neurology](/neurology)

    * [Department of Neurological Surgery](/neurological-surgery/)

    * [Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology](/obstetrics-and-gynecology/)

    * [Department of Ophthalmology](/ophthalmology/)

    * [Department of Orthopaedic Surgery](/orthopaedic-surgery/)

    * [Department of Otolaryngology](/otolaryngology/)

    * [Department of Pathology](/pathology/)

    * [Department of Pediatrics](/pediatrics/)

    * [Department of Psychiatry](/psychiatry/)

    * [Department of Radiation Oncology](/radiation-oncology/)

    * [Department of Radiology](/radiology/)

    * [Department of Surgery](/surgery/)

    * [Department of Urology](/urology/)

    * Divider

      * [Basic Science and Education Departments](https://keck.usc.edu/about-us/departments-institutes/basic-science-departments/)
    * Divider

      * [Institutes](https://keck.usc.edu/about-us/departments-institutes/institutes/)
    * [Centers and Programs](https://keck.usc.edu/about-us/departments-institutes/centers-and-programs/)

  * [Giving](https://keck.usc.edu/giving-to-usc/)

    * [About](/giving/about)

    * [Ways to Give](/giving/get-involved/)

    * [Foundation Relations](/giving/foundation-relations/)

    * [Impact Stories](/giving/impact-stories/)

    * [Support Medical Education](/giving/support-medical-education)

    * [Contact us](/giving/contact-us/)

  * [About Us](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=257)

    * [Keck School History](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=2102)

    * [School Overview](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=19)

    * [Mission & Vision](https://keck.usc.edu/about-us/mission-vision/)

    * [Departments & Institutes](https://keck.usc.edu/about-us/departments-institutes/)

    * [Leadership](https://keck.usc.edu/about-us/leadership/)

    * [Distinguished Activities](https://keck.usc.edu/?page_id=5058)

    * [Community Outreach](https://keck.usc.edu/about-us/community-outreach/)

    * [Administrative Offices](https://keck.usc.edu/about-us/administrative-offices/)

[ ![Keck School of Medicine of USC](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/wp-
content/themes/Avada-Child-Theme/keck/img/logo_keckUSC.svg)
](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/)

  * [PIBBS](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/)
  * [About](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/about)
    * [Associate Dean's Corner](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/associate-deans-corner)
  * [Prospective Students](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/)
    * [Apply to PIBBS](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/apply-to-pibbs/)
    * [Financial Support](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/financial-support)
    * [Recruitment & Interview Visit](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/recruitment-interview-visit)
  * [Recruitment Schedule](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/recruitment-schedule)
  * [PhD Programs](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs)
    * [Cancer Biology and Genomics](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs/cancer-biology-and-genomics)
    * [Development, Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs/development-stem-cell-and-regenerative-medicine)
    * [Infectious Diseases, Immunology and Pathogenesis](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs/infectious-diseases-immunology-pathogenesis)
    * [Medical Biophysics](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs/medical-biophysics)
  * [Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/faculty/)
    * [CBG Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/cbg/faculty/)
    * [DSR Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/dsr/faculty/)
    * [MBPH Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/mbph/faculty/)
    * [IDIP Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/idip/faculty/)
  * [Student Resources](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources)
    * [Student Forms](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources/student-forms)
    * [Student Involvement](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources/student-involvement)
    * [PIBBS Alumni](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources/pibbs-alumni)
    * [PIBBS Spotlights](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources/pibbs-spotlights)
  * [News](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/news)
  * [Contact](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/contact/)

  * [Contact Us](/contact-us/)
  * [Keck School News & Events](/keck-school-news-events/)
  * [Current Students](https://my.usc.edu/portal/guest.php)
  * [Faculty](/faculty-search/)
  * [Community Engagement](/community-engagement)

[ ![USC University of Southern california](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/wp-
content/themes/Avada-Child-Theme/keck/img/usc-logo.png)
](https://www.usc.edu/) [

Are you a patient?

](https://www.keckmedicine.org/)

# Prospective Students

Prospective Students[jtrejo](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/?author=3)2021-07-12T0
9:53:08-07:00

# Prospective Students

![web-_prospective_students](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/wp-
content/uploads/sites/214/2016/03/web-_Prospective_Students.jpg)

## Empowering the bright medical researchers of the future

The Programs in Biomedical and Biological Sciences (PIBBS) program is designed
for students who are interested in earning a PhD in the biomedical sciences in
an interdisciplinary and collaborative environment. In addition to providing
students with rigorous training toward the PhD degrees, PIBBS provides an
opportunity to explore a wide range of research interest, through laboratory
rotations and core courses that provide a solid biomedical foundation. The
interdisciplinary PhD programs offer individualized course options and provide
flexibility to accommodate a variety of research interests. PIBBS focuses on
preparing students for their research career and offers a grant writing
course, as well as a full range of professional development workshops for
career preparation and advancement.

## PIBBS Lifecycle

During the first two years of the PhD program, students focus on their
research while solidifying their knowledge base by taking classes on topics of
relevance.

In year 1, PIBBS students take a total of 25 units, which includes both
classroom and laboratory work over the fall, spring and summer semesters. At
the end of year 1, students select the mentor/lab and the PhD program that
best fits their research project.

In year 2, students take courses tailored to their PhD program and research
interests. They must complete the Qualifying Exam, which includes a condensed
version of a written National Institutes of Health (NIH) F31 fellowship
proposal and an oral defense of their research project.

In years 3-5, students focus fully on their research, developing their
project, attending conferences and professional development workshops, and
ultimately writing and defending their thesis. PIBBS students are also trained
in giving research presentations by participating in their PhD programs
seminar series, in which all aspects of their talks are critiqued by their
peers. An individual development plan (IDP) and periodic meetings with the
students’ thesis committees provide scientific support, ensuring progress
toward the PhD. By the time the students defend their thesis, they are experts
in their field and will have achieved considerable independence, providing
outstanding preparation for a postdoctoral fellowship or other science-related
careers.

## PIBBS Core Curriculum

### **Fall Semester – 12 units**

  * INTD 531: Advanced Cell Biology
  * INTD 561: Molecular Biology
  * INTD 790: Research
  * Faculty Research Presentations

### **Spring Semester – 12 units**

  * PM 549: Human Molecular Genetics and Genomics
  * INTD 549: Protein Chemistry – Structure and Function
  * INTD 577: Writing for the Biomedical and Biological Sciences
  * INTD 790: Research

### **Summer Semester – 1 unit**

  * INTD 500: Ethics and Accountability in Biomedical Research
  * PM 510: Applied Biostatistics

  * [PIBBS](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/)
  * [About](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/about)
    * [Associate Dean's Corner](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/associate-deans-corner)
  * [Prospective Students](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/)
    * [Apply to PIBBS](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/apply-to-pibbs/)
    * [Financial Support](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/financial-support)
    * [Recruitment & Interview Visit](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/recruitment-interview-visit)
  * [Recruitment Schedule](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/prospective-students/recruitment-schedule)
  * [PhD Programs](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs)
    * [Cancer Biology and Genomics](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs/cancer-biology-and-genomics)
    * [Development, Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs/development-stem-cell-and-regenerative-medicine)
    * [Infectious Diseases, Immunology and Pathogenesis](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs/infectious-diseases-immunology-pathogenesis)
    * [Medical Biophysics](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/phd-programs/medical-biophysics)
  * [Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/faculty/)
    * [CBG Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/cbg/faculty/)
    * [DSR Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/dsr/faculty/)
    * [MBPH Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/mbph/faculty/)
    * [IDIP Faculty](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/idip/faculty/)
  * [Student Resources](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources)
    * [Student Forms](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources/student-forms)
    * [Student Involvement](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources/student-involvement)
    * [PIBBS Alumni](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources/pibbs-alumni)
    * [PIBBS Spotlights](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/student-resources/pibbs-spotlights)
  * [News](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/news)
  * [Contact](https://keck.usc.edu/pibbs/contact/)



[More news +](/news/)

  * [Education](/education/)
  * [Research](/research/)
  * [Clinical](/clinical-departments/)
  * [Giving](/giving-to-usc/)
  * [About Us](/about-us/)

Explore

  * [About](/about-us/)
  * [Basic Science Departments](/about-us/departments-institutes/basic-science-departments/)
  * [Clinical Departments](/about-us/departments-institutes/clinical-departments/)
  * [Dean’s Site](https://dean.keck.usc.edu/)
  * [Education](/education/)
  * [Faculty](/faculty-search/)
  * [For the Media](https://keck.usc.edu/for-media)
  * [Institutes](/about-us/departments-institutes/institutes/)
  * [myKeck](https://my.usc.edu/portal/guest.php)
  * [News & Events](/keck-school-news-events/)
  * [Research](/research/about-keck-school-of-medicine-research/)
  * [Research Training](/research/research-training-education/)
  * [Student Services](/education/student-services/)

Keck School

1975 Zonal Ave.

Los Angeles, CA 90033

323-442-1100

  
Dean’s Office

(323) 442-1900

Monday – Friday

7:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.

  * [Contact Us](/contact-us/)
  * [Alumni](http://keck.usc.edu/en/About/Administrative_Offices/Office_of_Alumni_Affairs.aspx)
  * [Directory](http://departmentsdirectory.usc.edu/medicine.html)
  * [Maps & Directions](/about-us/visiting-keck-school-of-medicine/maps-directions/)

Stay Connected

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/KECKschoolUSC/)
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/KeckSchool_USC)
  * [ ](https://www.linkedin.com/school/keckschoolusc/)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/KeckSchoolUSC/)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpL1E1W5ZTfkc5iihwLSFEA)

(C) 2021 Keck School of Medicine of  USC  

Go to Top

1777 /home/huizigao/assignments/trgn_wordcloud/current_pages/my_current.txt
